[Applause]
remember about last time you were here
you and Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio
like walked right in the theater how
could I forget
audience well I think some of them are
still screaming it was crazy it like
blew out my eardrums it was next-level
mania it must be hard for the three of
you to go to the mall together I would
imagine we do often no it's I think it's
just crazy enough to have one of them in
the room let alone both of them I think
it just people you think it's actually
natural when they are together when you
guys are as a group it suddenly becomes
like a bigger thing yeah well I mean I
don't know how much I'm elevating the
situation but definitely just Brad and
Leo is like people trust me you elevate
all situations I dress it's on your
Golden Globe nominee
we're gonna fry Tanya mm-hmm and your
other big film this year once upon a
time in Hollywood is nominated - I know
so now the cast are at tables you have a
dilemma because you have to decide if
you're gonna sit with your
once-upon-a-time in Hollywood cast or if
you're gonna sit with a bombshell cast
who will you sit with I have I hadn't
thought that's fair have you thought
about maybe I don't like initiating a
competition they get to then compete to
see which table you said I should I
should do that whoever's got the most
interesting conversation happening I'll
just I'll just jump between the two do
you think one would be insulted if you
did sit with the other one no I'm
actually a little anxious about this now
I hadn't really thought that far ahead
the Oscars everybody's in their seats
yeah well I'm glad I could bring a
little extra anxiety thank you when you
were nominated for the Oscar who did you
bring to the Oscar with you um I brought
my mom your mom okay now you gotta bring
him up and we had a great time and she
she was so happy to be there and I did
the you know you I set her down
beforehand and said you know be cool be
cool don't grow up to anyone like
everyone's having a nice night I like to
play it cool did that work at all yeah
so we get there and I turn around for
five seconds and I turned that I was
like where is she and she's front row
talking to Nicole Kidman who I hadn't
worked with at that time so I didn't
know oh and I was like hissing at her I
was like mom mom right now and she was
like she talked to me is that true
always yeah I always say she'd they
talked to me first like yeah because
you're sitting in the doorway of her
dress
no it turns out Nicole who's an absolute
sweetheart had asked someone who what my
mom's name was and had actually had in
this instance talk to her first
call her over and just wanted to make it
feel comfortable does nicole kidman mean
to an actor from australia is like yeah
she's like a queen it's like right it's
yeah it's insane
she's the best you get over that quickly
when you're working together no I'm
still little like home Nicole and
Charlize it's yeah yeah it's quite
surreal you are playing well you play a
kind of an amalgamation of characters in
the movie Charlize plays Megan Kelly and
Nicole plays right right and then I play
Kayla pospisil who's a fictional
character but made up from a number of
women's stories and their experiences
that Fox News says right right and boy
then it's almost hard to believe when
you watch this movie that this was
really going on yeah yeah for as long as
it did as well it's it's I mean the
movies pretty it's it's incredibly
entertaining it's very fast paced and
you really you get to the end and you're
like oh my god I wasn't ready for that
to end but it it seems to be really
affecting people people just really want
to talk afterwards it's been it's been
quite fascinating yeah and I wonder if
like the gang at Fox News is like gonna
go to see it and discuss it amongst
themselves if they'll even talk about it
on the air or cono try to pretend that
it doesn't didn't happen I know it's
like what imagine there won't be a White
House screening of this particular film
probably not yeah I wonder if Trump will
see the movie he's I mean he's in it in
places well if you tell him he's in it
in places
he likes stuff that he is in what's the
first award show you ever went to I went
well in Australia we have the lo G's
which is the Australian version of the
Emmys
[Applause]
we have a lot of Australians in fact if
you need any done yes we always have
what does why they called the lo geese I
don't sounds like loogies you know what
that is well that's not a word in
Australia I didn't think is it it's not
really a word here but we use it while
we're in elementary school the Logies
I'm telling you the funnest award shows
ever I mean I hadn't been for a decade
now but when I was 18 and it was the
first one I went to I mean it's why are
you a Wild West because they're just a
big piss up like everyone's just kids
absolutely Hamid and oh they do yeah is
it on TV yeah
oh so you watch everyone it's rock on TV
oh people that drunk the next day going
to work because on TV generally like the
two Big Show's neighbours honest and
home in a way and there's a lot more now
as well of course on Australian
television but but you have to work the
next morning after the loge eats because
you kind of feel more year-round so
people show up in their gowns people
show up still drunk really yeah
talk-show hosts did a show completely
wasted he did the morning show like
wasted and in Australia loved him more
after that really it's not as like here
it's like it's frowned upon a little bit
of somebody's no no very much embrace I
mean I was like I said I was 18 so of
course I was very excited to be at the
Logies and the second year I went I got
so drunk I passed out it's held in the
casino big crown casino it's a huge huge
casino in Melbourne and I passed out in
one of the toilet stalls like a cubicle
and I I woke up and I came out and it
happened to be the one out that the
casino closes to like be cleaned and
there's no people there and I didn't
know whatever closed it's usually just
full of thousands of people
and it was such a weird surreal
experience because there's no one around
and for a second in my drunken state I
was like did I die am I
is this purgatory come I come I am
between heaven and hell right now I win
Wow
and were you did you ever actually I
found someone who was cleaning they're
like what are you doing in here and I
was like what time is I got to be at
work I think I showed up to work in my
gown and then and the nurse at work gave
me some oxygen and oh wow oh great off
you know when you have a nurse at work
you know you're having you have a more
fun job than most everyone she's busiest
days the day a social we're gonna take a
break we're gonna come back and see a
clip from the new movie it's called
bombshell Margot Robbie is with us the
only job I have ever won it I don't want
to be on TV I want to be on Fox uh-huh
my family every day every holiday like
especially holidays you want Fox News
where like Eric's box is how we do
Church
you know when they made the corn and
logotype above his folks head buck
burned into their TV screams gasps Caleb
you're not getting fired
he cannot scale his anger he's a
perpetual outrage machine that's what
crazies love him
no offense to your family you want to do
the folders no Perry hit rocks
that's margot robbie keane McKenna in
bombshell
did you know much about that world of
this kind of like FoxNews feasting
family no not at all and it turns out
that that Jay kind of but particularly
Charles grew up in Charles grew up in a
very evangelical family so they gave me
lots of Intel but the idea of I didn't
know any young millennial women who were
super conservative and Republican and
and vocal with their political views so
I started a fake Twitter account so that
I could just follow people honestly it
was so helpful so that you can learn
about them from Twitter yeah just to
kind of absorb their political views
how'd you find them you just look for
people whose profile picture has an
eagle or a flag yeah so the movie opens
tomorrow I mentioned do you guys do you
know and I hate I hope you know about
this because I don't want to be the one
to tell you if you did it Star Wars
opens tomorrow awesome yeah I you're
gonna kill me in a lot of people out
there you're gonna kill me I've never
seen Star Wars oh never
Wow never I've never seen any of them
well that doesn't mean it's not gonna
open so I'm letting you know don't you
see bombshell Wow
no you ever see Star Wars no after a
couple years it hadn't happened and then
I kind of relate really upsets people
like people get really angry that I
haven't watched any of them and it's
really kind of funny and so I paddled
off now particularly infuriate smiles
I've really held off and it's good a
nice having it in my back pocket like
should life ever get a bit dull I know
that I'm you know like do you know who
Luke Skywalker's father is oh that one I
know you do no thank you
yeah the who I am your father isn't it
Davi it's Darth Vader you're the most I
know of Star Wars is this Eddy is a like
sketch about that I would like to do
that whole Star Wars no well I'd love to
sit down and watch all nine movies with
you so
it's great to see you I hope you have a
great Christmas holiday Margot Robbie
everybody John Kasich am jimmy kimmel
give back this holiday season in a fun
way by my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and through it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country or watch another gaming
video and don't help kids it's up to you